Toolbar Flex Component: support ajax callback on more menu (#1664)
infor-design/enterprise: docs/CHANGELOG.md

- `[Lookup]` Fixed a bug with settings: async, server-side, and single select modes.  The grid was not deselecting the previously selected value when a new row was clicked.  If the value is preselected in the markup, the lookup modal will no longer close prematurely. ([PR#1654](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/1654))
- `[Tree]` Fixed a bug when calling the disable or enable methods of the tree. This was not working with ie11. ([PR#1600](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/1600))
- `[Stepprocess]` Fixed a bug where the step folder was still selected when it was collapsed or expanded. ([#1633](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/1633))

> - `[Toolbar Flex]` Fixed a bug where an ajax callback couldn't be configured for the more menu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[Toolbar Flex]` Added the ability to pass in a `beforeOpen` callback to the More Actions menu (fixes a bug where it wasn't possible to dynamically add content to the More Actions menu in same way that was possible on the original Toolbar component)
```

Author: I'll update this!
